Mommy, he's not Mommy.
Could it be that what happened back then was exposed?
Doesn't it look like it?
Ginger Caicai, if you have anything to do, come to me
Why did you rob my child?
Gu Doudou
It's your child.
It's not mine, is it yours?
He is your child
Then you must be Gu Zhenting
He's not my mommy.
You are
Doudou, why don't you recognize Mommy?
Mommy is really sad.
Jiang Caicai, you and the wild man's seed medium keep it
That's what you deserve.
What are you doing with my child?
Write about the man, Brother Zhenting, you don't know yet, right?
He's my half-sister.
5 years ago, he got pregnant with a wild man dog
And gave birth to a stillborn baby
Dogs and if they weren't tricked by you back then
You tricked me into the hotel
How could I be robbed by a stranger?
autumn
What's your name?
Jiang guy, I will be responsible
Doudou always said that Jiang Xue was not his mommy
Jiang Xue and Doudou are nothing like
It's life and death with Jiang Caicai
Could it be that the woman on that night five years ago was Jiang Cai?
Jiang Caicai, don't be bloody
What evidence do you have that I slandered you?
Doudou, I'm your mommy
I said you're not
You don't even know your own son
It shows how much you have failed as a person
Miss Jiang, you misunderstood.
Doudou is not his son
I'm not listening either